2000:
Application Developer, Middleware, COM+ (Visual Basic), CORBA (C++, Java), Silverline Technologies, National Utility Services, New Jersey
2000-2011:
Mahindra British Telecommunications (Tech Mahindra), Senior Developer > Technical Architect > Platform Architect, PSTN, SDH, WDM, 20CN, 21CN, BT
2011-2015:
Sapient (Publicis Sapient), Lead Solutions Architect, Commerce, Real-money gaming
2015-2020:
Ladbrokes & Coral Group (Entain), Lead Solution Architect, E2E Sportsbetting and real money gaming, Digital transformation, Merger, Acquisition, Migration
2020-2024:
EPAM, Solution Architect, BT/EE, Sales and E-commerce, SA lead for Add and Upgrade Squad, Digital SME for BT/EE
2024-2025:
EPAM, Solution Architect and Lead, BSI, Platform feature migration and SSO, Application review, SME








Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Foundations Associate (1Z0-1085-23).
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner 2024.
M. Sc. AI Dissertation - Understanding Bias in Using Machine Learning for Loan and Credit Guidance.
M. Sc. AI Dissertation - project with Python, R for analysis datasets using Jupyter Notebook.
M. Sc. AI, University of Essex completed.
Discovery -  Client BSI, Knowledge Application Review.
Discovery (Review) -  Client BSI, SEO.
Discovery (Review) -  Client BSI, Platform Remediation.
Discovery -  Client BSI, Knowledge SSO.
Proposal - Client BSI, BSOL/Knowledge features migration.
Proposal - Client BSI, Knowledge SSO.
Proposal - Client BSI, Knowledge SSR.
Proposal (Review) - Client BSI, Knowledge SSR.
SSO POC and analysis - https://github.com/biswassandip/sso-auth0.
Review, discuss, update for the creation of: Ways of working, processes for development and release for BSI.
Review, discuss, update for the BSI Testing Strategy.
Interviewing for BA, FE, BE, QA and leads for the project team building for Knowledge, Remediation, SEO and SSO streams.
Solutions Lead and Built development team comprising of PO, BA, 2 FE, 2 BE and 2 dev leads, 2 QA.
Cross SA activities for the BSI Streams.
SA/SME/Technical Lead activities for BSI Streams.
Governance, Delivery, Business support, Core consulting and Product outlining and support.
Support with Sportsbetting/Wagering artifacts (product, architecture) knowledge for HKJC proposal.


1. key points why you think I am ready for promotion. Please reference to facts and my real experience that can prove I am already perform the duties of a person who has a target title 
2. Please mention my motivation for promotion and plans/goals for future



Strong Enterprise Architect (TOGAF and TMF processes), ideally understands Telco processes (quote to cash) for consumer, enterprise and wholesale customers. Understands CPQ concepts and telco product ordering/provisioning concepts. Good client-facing skills, can run workshops, articulate requirements, can lead other BA's to shape product delivery of requirements. Initial client will be Gamma Telecom based in city of London. You will be working with a high-performing Proserve team (EPAM) a mix of Project managers, BA's, Architects and CSG's development team to shape the roadmap of Gamma Telecom's transformation to a new CPQ solution (Q2O).


As an experienced Solution Architect, I have successfully led cross-functional teams—including Product Owners, Business Analysts, QA, Tech Leads, and Architects—to deliver complex telecom solutions aligned with business roadmaps. My expertise spans both OSS (Planning, Activation, Routing, and Configuration) and BSS (Sales, Order, and Billing), having worked extensively with British Telecom (BT/EE) to enable seamless Add and Upgrade journeys for mobile products. With a strong foundation in telco processes, CPQ, and end-to-end order management, I am eager to transition into an Enterprise Architect role, leveraging my deep technical and strategic experience to drive large-scale transformation initiatives. My ability to articulate requirements, lead workshops, and guide teams towards effective product delivery makes me well-suited to shaping the roadmap for Gamma Telecom's Q2O transformation. Additionally, my familiarity with TOGAF and TMF processes positions me to contribute effectively to enterprise-wide architecture decisions while collaborating with high-performing teams to drive business success.

As a Solution Architect I have led cross-functional teams (PO, BA, Tech Leads, etc.) for deliveries aligned with business roadmaps. Within telecom my expertise spans both OSS (Planning, Activation, Routing, and Configuration) and BSS (Sales, Order, and Billing) for British Telecom and EE. With a good foundation in telco processes, CPQ, and end-to-end order management, I am eager to transition into an Enterprise Architect role. Additionally, my familiarity with TOGAF and TMF processes positions me to contribute effectively to architecture decisions while collaborating with the teams working towards the business roadmap.